Although the Son of Heaven is dead
But he did have one thing that was true.
We nine daughters are heavenly daughters
There are Tiandao gold yuan
It is better for the Son of Heaven to accept these two girls
Get the gold yuan
Benefit Big Zhou
What did you say
For example, the cloud, don't talk nonsense.
Shut up
Can marry the emperor of Zhou
That's your pleasure.
Yes, that's what I meant.
That's not a bad idea.
Daughter of the Chen family in the Northern Zhou Dynasty
Willing to marry the Son of Heaven for the next generation of the Great Zhou
Daughter of the Liu family in the Western Zhou Dynasty
Willing to marry the Son of Heaven as the descendant of the Great Zhou
Daughter of the Feng family in Lanzhou and daughter of the Sun family in Yangzhou
Willing to marry the Son of Heaven for the next generation of the Great Zhou
I am also willing to marry the Son of Heaven for the next generation of the Great Zhou
Why do you want to rob the emperor of a woman?
subordinates dare not
The Son of Heaven is right
The Nine Profound Heavenly Girls are the daughters of destiny
If you can get the gold on them
You will make a lucky week.
Since the public has this heart
It is also designed for my big week to thrive.
As the Son of Heaven, I will ensure injustice
What a gold that should bear the Nine Profound Heavenly Girls
It turns out that my master
Don't even think about it and send it to your house. The Son of Heaven has already been burned to death
Does he want to send a ghost to our nine daughters?
A dead man dares to argue with me
I don't just want nine women
And you. You.
It's all mine
I'd rather die than obey you.
Then you will die with him
Who said I was dead?